#Welcome to Code Breaker by Alessa. 

Code Breaker is the simple sequence-guessing game with the user's goal being to correctly guess the order of a 4-color sequence. This sequence is generated by the program and will be new every time. 
Choose between Easy and Regular levels. The game begins when you enter your first guess. You have ten guesses to break to the code. Guess the full correct sequence to win! 

##Approach and Technologies

The program starts out by declaring several variables that correspond to different html elements. The firsts of which are the Color List and Master Code. The Master code is randomly generated from four items in the Color list. 

The program allows for two levels of play: easy and regular. The regular level is the default and its Master Code can consist of a combination of 11 color options. The easy mode can be activated by clicking on an Easy button, which then limits the combination of colors to only 7 colors. Pressing the Easy button also activates a display explaining the new limited color options. 

The program has two main event-listeners, a click on the Enter button and a keypress of Enter on the fourth input field. On activating either of these event-listeners, the values in the user's inputfields are assigned to a new variable $userGuess. This logs the sequence of the colors the user has chosen and is then used to match those colors with the Master code. The input fields are then cleared.  

Next, the program checks for individual matches based on color and position.
It loops through $userGuess and compares each position. 

...
...

## Technologies Used

*HTML
*CSS
*jQuery

## User Stories

*Adults or children who enjoy solving puzzles. 

##Instructions 

Guess the sequence of colors by entering your guesses into the input feilds and pressing 'Submit'. If you put the right color in the right position, you will see a light blue border on that circle.
Get all four colors and positions right and you win. Get it wrong and guess again. You get 10 chances to break the code. There can be multiple instances of the same color. 

## Obstacles

Getting the input feilds to clear after each guess, getting each subsequent guess' colors to appear on the line above the previous guess, and getting the Master code reveal overlay to be aesthetically pleasing. 

##Goals

Add a feature that tells the user if they got the right color but in the wrong position. Fix the Master code overlay to the dimensions of the H2. 


